Open the site's own status board.
p02
One location, pulled onto one screen.
p03
The trail up top shows you drilled in from the network center,
p04
and the back link runs you straight back there when you're done.
p05
Start with the header.
p06
Site, status, address, the account it belongs to, and who manages it, all in a single strip.
p07
The sync time tells you how current this is.
p08
Right now it's a couple of minutes old, and the status reads critical.
p09
Three buttons sit to the right.
p10
These are your fast responses: open a job, ping the account manager,
p11
or push the site up the priority list.
p12
Each one kicks off something real, so today we read them and keep our hands off.
p13
Now the numbers.
p14
Six tiles across, and every one carries its own yardstick.
p15
Washes and revenue today against their averages.
p16
Wait time and service level against target.
p17
And the count of open incidents, which is where the trouble surfaces.
p18
You read today's figure next to its benchmark, without doing the math yourself.
p19
Middle of the page, the equipment panel.
p20
Eight units at this wash, one card each,
p21
every card showing a few live readings and a health score.
p22
It's the hardware view of the site, and any card drills deeper on a click.
p23
Look at the first card.
p24
The point-of-sale is offline.
p25
No health score, no transactions in forty-seven minutes, a red bar flagging it.
p26
When the P-O-S is down the site takes no money, so this is the card you check first.
p27
Sweep the rest.
p28
Conveyor, scanner, chemicals, dryers, water, gate, lighting.
p29
Most run green and healthy; a couple sit lower and earn a second look.
p30
The health number and the color bar do your triage at a glance.
p31
On the right, the open incidents.
p32
Three of them, each tagged by type and, just as usefully, by owner.
p33
The payments outage is on the account manager.
p34
The conveyor stop is still unassigned.
p35
That owner line tells you what already has a name on it and what's waiting for one.
p36
Underneath, the timeline.
p37
Every event with a timestamp, from the shift opening this morning
p38
to the terminal dropping offline later on.
p39
This is the site's story of the day.
p40
When you need to know what led up to an incident, you scroll here.
p41
Bottom right, the quick actions.
p42
The common responses, gathered so you don't go hunting:
p43
raise a work order, book maintenance, send a tech, email the customer, restart the P-O-S.
p44
Every one does something real, so we read the list and stop there.
p45
Step back and take it in.
p46
One page: status up top, then the numbers, the hardware,
p47
the open incidents with owners, the day's history, and the actions that answer them.
p48
Read it top to bottom and you know this site cold,
p49
and you did it without touching a thing.